-(screaming)
-* Bad boys *
-* Whatcha want,
whatcha want *
* Whatcha gonna do *
-* When the Sheriff John Brown
come for you? *
-Stop! Now! Stop!
-(clattering)
-Heads up!
-* Bad boys, bad boys,
whatcha gonna do... *
I smoked some marijuana!
I'm a marijuana smoker!
-* Bad boys, bad boys *
-Crawl out!
* Whatcha gonna do... *
-Hands up! Hands up!
Hold it! Hold it!
-Announcer:
"Cops" is filmed on location
with the men and women
of law enforcement.
All suspects are innocent
until proven guilty
in a court of law.
-I've been
on a street-level narcotics unit
for the past 10 years now.
That's my passion,
weeding out drug offenders
in the community.
What a lot of people
don't realize is that a lot
of the drug offenders out here
are the ones
that are commitin' auto theft
and burglaries.
So I think it definitely
makes a difference
when we're takin'
some of these people
out of the neighborhood.
Uh, we have this car, that,
uh, is leavin' this liquor store
here.
It's got some suspended
license plates,
so we're gonna stop him
and have a chat with him.
-(radio chatter)
-You're good, man.
You can put your hands in.
-How's it goin', guys?
-You got weapons on you
or somethin'?
-No.
-No?
-No weapons in the car
or anything like that.
-Hey, do you know
the plates are suspended?
-It's my ex--
-Your ex-wife's car?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
What's her name?
-My name's Ann.
-Okay. Do you have
your ID on you, real quick?
-I don't have any.
They, um--
-Do you have your ID?
-They were just helpin' me
move my stuff
to my mom's house.
I didn't know
it's expired, either.
-Okay.
-I'm sorry.
-You have nothing
with your name on it?
-No, I'm movin' all my stuff
to my mom's.
-Give us a minute,
we'll get you outta here,
all right? Yep.
Looks like
the back-seat passenger
has a couple of warrants.
Glendale warrant
is for a trespassing.
Looks like the Peoria warrant
was just a failure to appear.
-Those your crutches?
-He's got a bunch
of warrants.
Is that his crutches?
They are?
-You got a broken foot or what?
-No, ankle.
-Broken ankle?
Let me see.
-You can tell him.
-I'll get with you on my side.
-Did you sprain it or what?
-I got injured, uh...
the back right tire.
-Uh-huh.
-It hit the side of my shoe.
It hit like that.
And he was only going
like four miles an hour.
-You didn't see him, or what?
-No, I did.
-Why didn't you get
outta the way?
-Well, I mean,
I didn't think he would hit me.
(laughs)
-All right.
Come on out here real quick.
You could bring your crutches
with you.
I'm gonna have you
just sit on--
in front of the car.
Nothin' in your pockets, right?
Actually, if you could just
walk back here, just so we
have a little more room.
Just more comfortable for you.
Hey, I'm gonna ask you
a question.
Do you know
the chick in the front seat?
-Yeah, I know her.
-What's her name?
-Toni Ann.
-Huh?
As far as I know.
-What's her last name?
-I don't know it.
-Did you find anything?
-Um, the driver had meth
and weed on him.
The passenger had
methamphetamine in her purse,
and she's got a felony warrant.
-Okay.
-Hey! Hey, hey!
-Roy, you good?
-(radio chatter)
-On the ground!
Get on the ground!
-Get on the ground!
-(sirens wailing)
-(radio chatter)
-See him?
-Huh?
-(radio chatter)
-See him?
-Hey, watch that over there.
-(radio chatter)
-He's gonna be
right in this area.
I'd say maybe a little farther
west, but he jumped--
he jumped here.
-(over bullhorn): This is
the Glendale Police K9 Division!
-(radio chatter)
-Surrender immediately!
-We're gonna wait for the dog.
-(over bullhorn): If you do not
surrender, a police dog will be
used to find you.
The dog will bite you.
-This is the Glendale Police
Department, you're gonna
get bit!
You're surrounded!
Come out with your hands
in the air!
-Black male, blue jeans,
black shirt.
-The only thing we have
is 237 Paul right now.
-(indistinct conversation)
-Hey, did he go
through your house?
-(over radio):
He jumped the wall.
It's gonna be a brown house.
-He's in the back there?
-The dog's in the back,
and he's hiding under
all this, on top.
-Is the dog--
What type of dog is it?
-It's a pit bull,
but he's fenced.
-He can't go near me?
-No, he won't.
-Lemme see your hands.
Lemme see your hands!
Let me see your hands!
Crawl outta there now!
-Crawl!
-Crawl.
-Crawl outta there!
-Any sudden movement,
you're gonna get shot.
-Do not-- Do not move!
-Crawl.
-Hello!
-Aah!
-Put your hands
behind your back!
-(man screaming)
-Quit resisting!
Quit resisting!
-I'm not!
No. I'm not!
(groaning)
I wasn't.
-I got cuffs.
-You got it?
-(groaning)
-Well, get up.
-Get up. Let's go, get up.
-My ankle.
-Your ankle?
You ran from the police, man.
-(groans)
-Oh, you're fine.
If you're running,
you're fine.
-Yeah.
(indistinct conversation)
-Where's your car, Lewis?
-Uh, I'm all the way out here.
-Mysteriously,
his ankle hurts again.
-Weird.
-You live here, yes?
-Oh, yeah. Yeah.
-With-- With your mom?
-Yeah, yeah.
-It's crazy-- I mean,
it worries me that my mom
is here, you know?
She's by herself,
she's diabetic, you know?
-Yeah, she's
obviously shaken up.
-She's very...
-What, uh-- You do desire
prosecution, correct?
-Definitely, yes.
-Well, we'll go ahead and--
He's gonna be charged
with trespassing.
-Definitely. Okay.
-What's goin' on with you, man?
What did I tell you out there?
-(radio chatter)
-When-- When I first talked
to you, what'd I tell you,
when I was searchin' you?
I told you what?
-That you won't arrest me.
-I was not gonna what?
-Arrest me.
-I was not gonna
arrest you.
You had absolutely
no reason to run.
I already told you I knew
about your misdemeanor warrants,
that I was not gonna take you
to jail for.
-Yeah.
-So what's your deal?
-Because every other cop that
said that, they have anyway.
-That doesn't make
no sense to me.
I was trying to be nice to you,
right? Knowing that you got a--
a mystery ankle that hurts
when it wants to hurt,
but when you wanna run,
it don't hurt.
-I was nervous.
-Is there anything in the car
we need to know about?
I mean, that-- that's
my only guess why you ran.
-I really... don't think so.
-All right, well, here's
the deal, man.
Obviously, you ran from us,
and now you're gonna get charged
with the warrants,
and then depending upon
what we find in the car,
you're probably gonna
get slammed with that, too.
-This last year, I got to join
one of our training teams
for reality based scenarios.
I get to help train new recruits
in domestic violence calls
and car stop training,
where we provide them
as close to the real scenarios
as they can--
will encounter
out on the streets.
We're gettin' ready
to stop, uh, this vehicle.
It's been swervin'
in between the lanes.
I'm going to be 10-45
on a white GMC Sonoma.
-(over radio)
Hello, I'm Officer Vogt
with the Wichita Police
Department.
-How are you doin', sir?
-All right.
Do you have
your driver's license,
proof of insurance?
-Man, it's, uh--
I can give you the number.
-Okay.
Reason I stopped you
is you're weavin'
kinda in between the lanes.
What's goin' on?
Um... I don't know, I...
I don't know, sir, sorry.
I don't-- I didn't mean
to be weavin'.
-Okay, go ahead and turn it off
for me.
Thank you.
All right, do you have
some insurance for the vehicle?
-Uh, I just let my friend
borrow it, though, 'cause I got
a company truck, and, uh--
Can I make a phone call
to my-- to my dad?
-Is the vehicle
in your dad's name
or somethin'?
-Yes, sir.
-All right, if you do find it,
stay in the vehicle for you--
for me, okay, guys?
Don't get out of the vehicle.
I'll be back in a second.
-(over radio): 10-27 is
suspended, and he has
one city bench warrant.
-Hey, um... stopped this car.
There's a male driver
and a female passenger.
It looked like he was trying
to conceal somethin'
that he's sittin' on.
He's got a bench warrant
through us and a suspended DL.
And he's kinda nervous
and fidgety.
-There he is.
-I was gonna tell you
my license is, uh,
in my work truck.
-Okay.
-It's in the shop.
So that's the reason
why I don't have it on me.
Okay. All right. What I'm gonna
have you do, Brandon,
is step out here for me, okay?
Face the vehicle for me?
Step out? Okay?
-What's goin' on, man?
-Put your hands
behind your back.
What happened, dude?
-You just got a bench warrant.
-Bench warrant, man.
-For what?
-That I don't know.
-Can I finish my cigarette,
please? Please?
-When we get this on, okay?
-I can't finish it
with that back there, man.
Please, what do I got
a bench warrant for?
-That I don't know.
-They don't tell--
Through the city.
-Ma'am, do you have
a good license?
-My buddy's been borrowin'
this truck, sir.
-You wanna get her
out the other side?
-Can I please finish my
cigarette? Why are
you grabbin' me like this?
-Partner, step back here.
-I am.
I'm complyin' with you,
but what the hell, dude?
-I know.
Oh, I'm just
gonna be safe, okay?
Lean up against your truck
for me, please.
-What are you doin', man?
-Right now, you're under arrest,
so I've gotta make sure
you don't have anything on you.
-Why are you bein' this way
to me, dude, I know my rights.
-Let's step back here.
-Can I please finish
my cigarette?
-I'll let you take a drag
off of it, all right?
-Please?
-In just a minute
we'll worry about that, okay?
-I think it's out, bud.
-Is it out all the way?
-Yeah.
-All right.
-Dude, I ain't going
nowhere, man.
-Well...
the problem here is, partner,
is you kinda been actin'
nervous and fidgety.
-I'm just--
-And then you're bossin' me
around all the time out here--
-I'm not bossin' you at all.
-Yes, you are.
-I'm sorry, dude. I'm sorry.
-You've been tellin' me
what to do.
-Okay? And that's
concerning to me.
That's not normal.
-That's fine. I understand.
-All right?
So I wanna be safe.
-I understand.
-I want you to be safe.
-I totally understand.
-So we gotta go through this,
all right?
-Okay.
-All right.
Step down in here.
-Wait, can I finish my cigarette
in there?
-Yeah, I'll get you a lighter.
-(over radio):
An officer in trouble.
-Well, I don't give
nobody permission
to search that car or nothin',
nothin' like that, so don't be--
-I appreciate it.
-All right, can I make
a phone call, please?
-I just asked for another,
'cause of the time.
-Can I please have a lighter?
-I will get back
to you in just a second,
all right?
-What the (bleep), man?
-(radio chatter)
-When he stood up
and got outta the car,
um, this, uh, pipe,
rolled back, and it was
at the back of the seat here.
It appeared that that
was most likely what
he was trying to conceal.
Uh, right back here
at the, uh, where the seat belts
come through in this old seat,
uh, I've actually just located
a, uh, container-- uh, it has
a, bunch of, uh, little pills
in it with some numbers
on 'em. I'll have to check.
-He said he wants the money
in the visor...
-Okay.
-But he's very upset
that you're searching.
-All right.
Obviously in plain view here
in her purse, got a, uh...
large water bong.
Will you go ahead and 15 her?
Uh, and some open alcohol.
-There's nothing in that,
did you check?
It's not even mine.
He made me put it...
(sobbing)
-She said that he told her
to put that in there.
-Oh, she make that voluntary
statement?
-She did.
-She wants you to ask him
if he did that.
-Okay.
What's she got?
-With that shape and color,
and then with the imprint,
a K and a 9, comes back
as, um, being registered
as oxycodone.
-All right.
Hey, Amanda, right?
-Yes.
-The stuff that was
in your purse,
obviously, let's start there.
-I mean, the alcohol's mine.
-Okay.
-Uh, the green bong is his.
-As soon as we got pulled over,
he asked me to put it
in this purse.
-Okay.
-He said it's never been used.
-I don't know, I just put it
in my purse
like a (bleep) idiot. Huh!
-Okay.
-At this point, for sure,
uh, you're gonna get a citation
for transporting
the open container, okay?
Um, but I've gotta
finish my investigation
before I determine
what I'm gonna do
with that bong, okay?
I'll be back
with you shortly, okay?
Hey, Brandon, I--
I've already told you
I stopped you today
'cause you were drivin' down
both lanes, kinda swervin',
I-- I noticed you were
a little nervous.
Was the because of the warrant?
-I mean, I didn't know
I had a warrant.
-Didn't know
you had a warrant? Okay.
-I don't know. I just--
-To me, it seemed like
maybe you were tryin'
to hide somethin',
the way you were sittin'?
And when you stood up,
there was a pipe
sittin' right there
on your seat.
-A pipe of what kind?
-A glass pipe.
And it's got a broken end.
Looks like a-- um,
a drug pipe.
-So...
-That was seat-- Under me?
-Yeah, right under--
It would've been under
your person.
Was that what you were tryin'
to conceal the whole time?
-No, sir.
-No?
-No.
-Okay.
Do you wanna tell me
what was the deal
with that, uh, bong
that I found in her purse?
-It was, uh, it was brand-new.
-Okay.
-Uh...
I... the only reason
why I had it was--
a-- a tobacco bong.
-Okay.
-Now, what about the, uh,
container with all those,
uh... oxys in 'em,
down there by your, uh,
seat belt buckle?
-Again, sir, like I said,
I don't-- I just got
in that truck and took off.
-So you didn't know anything
about the pills, you don't know
anything other than that bong
that you asked her to hide?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Um, you're gonna go--
gonna go to jail tonight
for the possession
of the opiates, those pills
that I found,
and then the paraphenalia, okay?
You've also got
a suspended license
and then that warrant.
Slide your feet in for us,
and we'll go up there
and take a look--
-You want me to do
anything for you?
-Can you take my money
and then get me out tomorrow?
-Yes.
-Just release my money
with her and then--
-Okay. We can do that.
-Sorry.
-Me too.
-A few days ago, an individual
contacted one of my undercover
social media profiles.
I created a persona
as a juvenile female.
And he contacted me,
believing that he was talking
to a young girl.
The conversation started
relatively innocently,
uh, but he made it pretty clear
that he was interested
in-- in--
in sexual conversation.
He described himself
as a rough guy.
He enjoys rough sex.
And as a girl pleaser.
He specifically said
that he's very strong
and can be overpowering.
He asked what kind
of sexual activities
I was interested in,
and I indicated to him
that it might be rough sex,
it might be, uh, oral sex.
When I asked him
where specifically we were
gonna have
the sexual activity at,
he very bluntly indicated
that, uh, it would be
in his truck.
I asked him straight out
if he, uh, has any condoms,
and he indicated
that, oh yes, he does.
-So there's no question,
based on the messaging,
that his sole intention
at this point tonight
to meet with you
is for some sort
of sexual act.
-Oh, absoutely.
He asked how old the persona is.
When I answered him
that I was 15, he made
a very important statement,
saying, "But I'll go to jail.
You're not old enough."
He's fully aware of what
he is about to do is wrong.
Unlike any reasonable person,
who would have ended
the conversation at that point,
he's indicating that,
as far as he knows,
we're still doing this.
-Keep us posted
on where you're at,
and make sure
he's following through,
and I'll go get the troops
in place.
-Yep. We'll do that.
-All right. Perfect. Thanks.
Man, you make
one ugly girl.
-What do you think?
-All right.
We're gonna get over here
and get into place.
Uh, we've got
a good location to set up
here at the meet place,
and, uh, then we'll
be ready to go.
So here we are,
and we'll get set up,
and hopefully he'll show up,
and we can take him to jail.
All right, how are you
gonna be sittin'?
Let's just make
we've got your pose perfect
as he's pullin' up?
-Just like this, so I have
an advantage.
Then I'm gonna say,
"Hey, Detective Cox,
you're under arrest,"
Nye County Sheriff's Office.
-Are you gonna
duck your head, though?
-I'm gonna duck--
Here's how I'm gonna be.
-I'm gonna be just like this.
-Okay, perfect.
-Okay. Cool.
-All right, so he should be
here any second.
-(over radio): Yes.
-All right. We're in place,
ready to go.
He's movin'.
He's pullin' up.
We're gonna be lit up
as soon as he goes.
Cox, we're made, go.
-Nye County Sheriff's Office.
Step outta the truck.
Keep your hands up.
-Step outta the car.
Step out-- here--
here you go.
Come here, yeah.
Come here.
Turn around.
Put your hands behind your back
for me.
-What'd I do?
-Don't move.
-I'm gonna turn off
your car engine, all right?
-Yeah.
-Don't move.
-You're under arrest.
-What'd I do?
-We'll-- We'll talk to you
in just a sec, all right?
-Okay.
-All right, come over here
for me, man.
-Sure.
-Hey, how you doin'?
I'm Detective Cox
with Nye County
Sheriff's Office.
-Yes?
-What are you doin' over here?
-Um, I'm gettin' ready
to go see my friend.
-Okay. I just wanted to tell you
somethin' real quick, though,
you have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say or do
can be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right
to the presence of an attorney,
and if you can't afford
an attorney, one will be
appointed for you
before questioning.
Do you understand your rights?
-Yes, sir.
-I'm part of our undercover
operations unit for the Nye
County Sheriff's Office.
-Okay.
-So... I have a hard time
believin' that, you know?
-Okay.
-And-- And I'll tell you why,
is because I met someone today,
and you wanna know what
her name is?
-Sure.
-Her name's Jessica.
-Okay.
-I met her today.
-Okay?
-Who's-- Who's Jessica?
-Well, Jessica's a troubled
15-year-old girl.
-Oh, no.
-And I got her phone.
And you guys had
an interesting conversation.
I knew you were coming
to this location.
-Okay.
-Did you wanna tell me why?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Let's be honest
with each other.
-So, when I-- when I
found out about that,
I told her the same thing.
I didn't want anything
to do like that.
So, when I found out that
she was on my Facebook,
I was like,
I need to get rid of this.
-Yeah.
-AJ, I'm gonna stop you.
-Yes, sir.
-Okay, I'm gonna stop you.
The cops don't just hang out
in a parkin' lot
with a decoy sitting here.
-It looks bad.
You're absolutely right.
-No, what would
you expect, though?
-I don't know.
Like I said, I've never
been in this situation before.
-AJ, let me tell you
somethin' real quick.
-Yes, sir.
-We know you were comin'.
You need help, and I wanna
help you.
-No, I don't--
I don't wanna do
anything like that.
-Look, look-- AJ.
-So...
-AJ. You know, when you said
that you better like rough sex,
because I'm a rough--
I'm a rough kinda guy...
-Yes. I did say that.
-I'm not lying about anything.
-All right.
-But when I found out
about this whole problem
with that...
-Sure.
-...I told her-- I was gonna
tell her in person,
I was like,
we need to get you help.
-How old did you think she was?
-She had told me
that she was 15.
-Okay, so you came here
to tell her, "You're
a troubled girl.
And I want you
to do the right thing,
and I want you to go home."
-'Cause I-- like I said,
I've never done this
my entire life.
Why would I start now?
-So why today?
-Because, like I said,
if I saw her, I can help her.
There's a 15-year-old girl
on my Facebook.
Why would I have that?
I had no idea.
-What were you
going to do with her?
-Nothing.
-You were going to show up
and do what exactly?
-If she was here,
I can call 9-1-1.
-So why didn't you
call 9-1-1?
-'Cause you came to my truck
real quick.
My phone was underneath
my-- my leg.
I was gettin' ready
to make the phone call.
-That's really a weird story.
-Yeah.
-Why couldn't you help her
without pretending you
were gonna have sex with her?
-Mostly because it's easier
to talk to somebody in person
than it is over Facebook.
-AJ, you got a problem.
-No, I don't.
-Do you have
any condoms on you?
-No.
-Not at all?
-I'm gonna check--
-No-- Yes, I have--
Yes, I do have one condom
with me, but that's
'cause I have sex
with my girlfriend.
Who I've been with
two years this coming April.
-So you have literally
a text message on your phone
that says,
"Are you gonna have sex with me
at your house or in your truck?"
and you--
-Hmm?
-That's on there and you
admit to sayin' that,
and you have one condom
in your pocket.
Wouldn't you agree with me
that this looks kinda bad?
-Yes, sir.
It is absolutely bad.
-Hold on...
do you have anything else
illegal in your truck at all?
-Nope.
-Do you mind
if I search your truck?
-Go ahead.
-Okay. Cool.
I appreciate that.
-We're gonna go over
to this patrol car here.
Other side,
follow the deputy.
You made a bad decision.
Okay? Sex and money,
those are the two things
that destroy human beings.
You're gonna watch your head
gettin' in, AJ.
-Okay.
-And it's not made
for comfort,
so just keep that in mind,
all right?
-Yeah. Okay.
-Um, grab your seat belt,
but listen.
-Yes, sir?
-He's gonna take you to jail.
Just so you realize...
-Mm-hm?
-...whether you did or didn't
have sex, the law says
if you use a computer system
with the intent of luring
someone...
-Yep.
-...okay, for the purpose
of having sex,
that it's a crime, so...
that's where we're at,
all right?
-I understand.
-All righty.
All right,
we'll see you at the jail.
(car door shuts)
-132 and Bush,
I've got him at gunpoint.
-Dispatcher:
Okay, gunpoint, 132 and Bush.
Cover is code three.
-(overlapping
police radio chatter)
-Dispatcher:
Okay, we'll still send
a code three.
-(theme music playing)